All: Welcome to South Park!
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[ Cheers and applause ]
"South Park" is one of the
greatest things of all time.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪♪
You can make fun of anything
because comedy is
the universal language.
[ Both fart ]
We know that this is gonna be
such a magical evening.
This is like a
once-in-a-lifetime thing to do.
♪ Timmy ♪
"South Park" is the greatest
show ever.
What do I like about the show?
I cringe.
-I'm so excited!
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ Here they come ♪
♪ Here come the bastards ♪
♪ I heard it from a confidant ♪
♪ Who heard it from
a confidant ♪
♪ They're definitely
on their way ♪
♪ There's one with this idea ♪
♪ Something about
a hammer head shark ♪
♪ Nose hairs and flatus ♪
♪ Best keep your distance
because ♪
♪♪
♪ Here they come ♪
♪ Here come the bastards ♪
♪ Bury your head
deep in the sand ♪
♪ Anonymity is a virtue ♪
♪ In this day and age ♪
♪ Amazing hand dexterity ♪
♪ Flagrant misuse of security ♪
♪ Better run. run. run. run.
run. run. run. run. run. run ♪
♪ Here they come ♪
♪♪
Who the hell
are you guys?
[ Cheers and applause ]
We're Ween. man.
The Ween men.
I do declare
last night
was fucking amazing.
I don't know if
anybody was here.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I still have a floater
from last night.
♪♪
And a big reason for that.
besides all the fanciness
that's coming your way.
that is Gene Ween right there
on the stage with me.
[ Cheers and applause ]
That is Dean Ween
right there
on the stage with me.
♪♪
It's a Ween and Primus
sandwich.
[ Cheers and applause ]
And there's nothing
in the middle.
It's just fucking Ween
and Primus sandwich.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Primus. Ween.
I say Primusween --
It's like a drain cleaner.
Primusween --
your pipes are mighty clean
after you use Primusween.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Come on. Get with me now.
Red Rock.
Jesus fucking Christ.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ Here they come ♪
♪ Primusween ♪
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ There's magic inside you ♪
Cartman: What is magic?
It's a thought.
it's a vision.
but most of all.
magic is a feeling that you get
deep down in your balls.
Or if you're a woman.
deep down in your girl balls.
♪ The magic's inside you ♪
♪♪
And sometimes there's magic
in the wonder of a little boy.
Oh. hey. everybody!
It's me. Butters!
Butters. come on!
You have to see this!
Hey. where are you going.
Eric?
Where the hell are we.
dude?
Do you believe in magic.
Stan?
Cartman?
Where are you?
Mrph rmhmhm rm!
Yeah. look!
Eric is up on those rocks!
That's right.
I'm up here. guys.
There's magic in all of us
gathered here tonight.
Come on!
What are you doing.
Cartman?
Just come on.
it's fucking magic. Kyle.
[ Laughter ]
This way. guys.
You got to see.
♪♪
♪ There's magic inside you ♪
♪ You just have to find it ♪
♪ It's deep down in your balls ♪
♪ Or in your girl balls ♪
Look. you guys.
Isn't this amazing?
Let me see.
Whoa.
Where are we?
Mrph rmhmhm rm!
What is this place?
I don't know. but it's just
so fucking magical.
Wait a minute. Wait.
You guys.
I know where we are.
We're home.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Welcome to the shindig.
And welcome. definitely.
from both Matt and I.
welcome to one of the best
nights of our lives.
We're on stage with Ween.
And we're on stage
with Primus.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
So my name's Trey.
I grew up right here
in Morrison. Colorado.
♪♪
Right up 285
up South Turkey Creek.
♪♪
I'm Matt. Hi.
I grew up in Littleton.
which is just over there.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Yeah.
That's the biggest cheer
Littleton's ever gotten.
[ Laughs ]
And Matt and I met at
the University of Colorado
in Boulder
right over there.
[ Cheers and applause ]
And I can tell you that
as a little boy growing up here.
both Matt and I.
like. never dreamed
that we'd be
up on this stage.
[ Cheers and applause ]
We're...
We're gonna do a bunch of songs
from "South Park" tonight
all throughout the night.
♪♪
But we're gonna mix it in
with real music
by Ween and Primus.
so it's alright.
[ Cheers and applause ]
But definitely
it is a magic night.
'cause I never thought I'd be
able to stand up on the stage
and sing this.
♪ Shut your fucking face.
uncle fucker ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ You're a cock-sucking.
ass-licking uncle fucker ♪
♪♪
♪ You're an uncle fucker.
yes. it's true ♪
♪ Nobody fucks uncles
quite like you ♪
♪ Shut your fucking face.
uncle fucker ♪
♪ You're the one who fucked
his uncle. uncle fucker ♪
♪ You don't eat or sleep
or mow the lawn ♪
♪ You just fuck your uncle
all day long ♪
♪ All day long ♪
♪♪
♪ Ooh ♪
[ Vocalizing ]
♪ Ohhh ♪
♪ Ohhhhhh ♪
♪ Ooh. ah ♪
♪ Uncle fucker ♪
Say. Terrance. what
did the Spanish priest say
to the Iranian
gynecologist?
♪ Ooh. ah ♪
I don't know. Phillip.
What?
[ Farts ]
[ Both laugh ]
♪ Ooh ♪
Yes. Phillip?
[ Farts ]
♪ Uncle fucker ♪
Ohh. Terrance!
[ Farts ]
[ Laughter ]
Hey. Scott.
guess what.
What?
[ Farts ]
[ Laughter ]
[ Farting ]
[ High-pitched farting ]
[ Farts ]
Aah! Oh. it's bad!
[ Farting ]
Hut! Huuuut!
Hut! Hut!
[ Farting ]
[ Farts ]
[ Farting continues ]
♪ Ooh. ah ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Uncle fucker ♪
Aw. sick!
[ Farts ]
[ Laughs ]
[ Farting continues ]
♪ Ooh. ah ♪
[ Laughter ]
Terrance:
Oh. you farted!
[ Farting continues ]
♪ Ooh ♪
[ Shouting ]
♪ Uncle fucker ♪
[ Laughs ]
♪♪
Ohh!
[ Farts ]
[ Farts. screams ]
[ Rumbling ]
[ Farts ]
♪♪
♪ Shut your fucking face.
uncle fucker ♪
♪♪
♪ You're a boner-biting bastard.
uncle fucker ♪
♪♪
♪ You're an uncle fucker.
I must say ♪
♪ You fucked your uncle
yesterday ♪
♪ Yesterday ♪
♪ Uncle fucker ♪
♪ That's U-N-C-L-E. fuck you ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
This is so cool. you guys.
Thank you so much.
There's your mom
right there.
[ Laughs ]
We have so many people here.
We have family here tonight.
We have friends here tonight.
We've got the whole crew of
"South Park" here tonight.
[ Cheers and applause ]
And most of all.
we've got the best fans
in the world here tonight.
[ Cheers and applause ]
And there's really
no words to describe it.
I think the best word that
comes to mind is montage.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ The hour's approaching
to give it your best ♪
♪ You've got to
reach your prime ♪
♪ That's when you need to
put yourself to the test ♪
♪ And show us
the passage of time ♪
♪ We're gonna need a montage ♪
♪ Montage ♪
♪ Girl. I want a montage ♪
♪ And just show a lot of things
happenin' at once ♪
♪ Remind everyone
of what's goin' on ♪
♪ What's goin' on ♪
♪ And with every shot.
show a little improvement ♪
♪ To show it all
would take too long ♪
♪ That's called a montage ♪
♪ Montage ♪
♪ Babe. I need a montage ♪
♪ In anything.
if you want to go ♪
♪ From just a beginner
to a pro ♪
♪ You'll need a montage ♪
♪ Montage ♪
♪ That's why "Rocky"
had a montage ♪
Bruce Howell on guitar.
♪♪
Over here. Mr. Dean Ween.
And over there. Larry LaLonde!
♪♪
♪ In anything.
if you want to go ♪
♪ From just a beginner
to a pro ♪
♪ You'll need a montage ♪
♪ Montage ♪
♪ Babe. I want a montage ♪
♪ Always fade out ♪
♪ In a montage ♪
♪ Montage ♪
♪ If you fade out it seems like
more time has passed ♪
♪ In your montage ♪
♪ Montage ♪
[ Vocalizing ]
Thank you!
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
Are you having fun?
[ Cheers and applause ]
'Cause I'm having a great time.
There are cameras here.
as you can see.
This is all gonna be
on television.
so please watch your language.
[ Laughter ]
We. uh --
We love it here in Colorado.
but there's another place
I think about often.
and that place is San Diego.
There's one thing
that comes to mind
when I think about San Diego.
And I'd like to sing about it
right now.
One. two. one. two. three. four.
♪ Dah dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ Dah dah dah ♪
♪ I'm gonna jack it
where the sun always shines ♪
♪ He's gonna jack it ♪
♪ Been spreadin' the word and
now I've got to ease my mind ♪
♪ Jackin' it. ohhh ♪
♪ Been plantin' those
apple seeds ♪
♪ And while the apples grow ♪
♪ I'm gonna go out jackin' it
in San Diego ♪
♪ Jackin' it. jackin' it.
jackety-jack ♪
♪ Spankin' it. smackin it.
spankety-smack ♪
♪ I don't need no shirt. no ♪
♪ I'm gonna take my pants
right off ♪
♪ He's about to jack it ♪
♪ On such a fine day. who needs
underwear or socks? ♪
♪ Jackin' it. ohhh ♪
♪ Been around God's country
and there's one thing I know ♪
♪ There's no better place
for jackin' it than... ♪
♪ San Diego ♪
♪ Jackin' it. jackin' it.
jackety-jack ♪
♪ Spankin' it. spankin' it.
smackety-smack ♪
♪ Jackin' it. jackin' it.
jackety-jack ♪
♪ Jack it for the Lord ♪
♪ Spankin' it. spankin' it.
smackety-smack ♪
[ Whistling ]
Hey. why not get down
to San Diego?
There's so much to see.
From the warm tortillas
of Old Town
to the sparkling waters
of Mission Bay.
And when you're done
sight-seeing.
why not try jackin' it
on one of their city streets?
San Diego.
Come. take a load off.
♪ Jackin' it. jackin' it.
jackety-jack ♪
♪ Spankin' it. spankin' it.
smackety-smack ♪
♪ A-whackin' it. whackin' it.
whackety-whack ♪
♪ Spankin' it. jerkin' it.
smackety-smack ♪
♪ The cars are all
passin' me by ♪
♪ They stop to say "Hello" ♪
♪ Hey. that guy's
jackin' it ♪
♪ From out his window.
there's a guy shootin' video ♪
♪ Video of him jackin' it ♪
♪ And if the good Lord Jesus ♪
♪ Comes knockin' on my do' ♪
♪ Just tell him
I'm jackin' it in... ♪
♪ San Diego ♪
♪ Jackin' it. jackin' it.
jackety-jack ♪
♪ Spankin' it. spankin' it.
smackety-smack ♪
♪ Whackin' it. whackin' it.
whackety-whack ♪
♪ Spankin' it. spankin' it.
smackety-smack ♪
♪ Jackin' it. jackin' it.
jackety-jack ♪
♪ Spank. spank. spank. spank.
smackety-smack ♪
♪ Spankin' it. spankin' it.
Thank you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Matt:
Man. look at all the people.
Holy shit.
♪♪
[ As Mr. Mackey ] M'kay.
can everyone hear me m'kay?
[ Cheers and applause ]
M'kay.
Now. when I say "m'kay. kids."
you say. "m'kay. Mr. Mackey."
M'kay. kids?
Audience:
M'kay. Mr. Mackey.
M'kay.
Um...
There's kind of
a lot of swearing
going on up here. m'kay?
Swearing's bad.
So. uh. I've got a little song
to sing about that.
♪ You see. there's times
when you get suckered in ♪
♪ By drugs and alcohol
and sex with women ♪
M'kay. sex is bad.
M'kay.
♪ But it's when you do
these things too much ♪
♪ That you've become an addict
and must get back in touch ♪
Aww.
[ Cheers and applause ]
That's so cool.
♪ You can do it.
it's all up to you. m'kay ♪
♪ With a little plan. you can
change your life today ♪
♪ You don't have to spend
your life addicted to smack ♪
♪ Homeless on the streets
giving handjobs for crack ♪
♪ Follow my plan
and very soon you will say ♪
♪ "It's easy. m'kay!" ♪
♪ Step 1 -- Instead of "ass."
say "buns" ♪
♪ Like "kiss my buns"
or "you're a buns hole!" ♪
♪ Step 2 -- Instead of "shit."
say "poo" ♪
♪ Like "bull-poo". "poo-head."
and this "poo is cold" ♪
♪ Step 3 -- With bitch.
drop the "T" ♪
♪ 'Cause "bich" is Latin
for generosity ♪
♪ Step 4 --
Don't say "fuck" anymore. kids ♪
That's bad.
[ Cheers and applause ]
You know. espec-- You know. if
you're around a lot of people.
maybe like 12.000 people.
and you're just saying "fuck"
all the time.
it's just -- it's bad.
Maybe...you might have family
around.
Maybe your daughter's here
and you're just up here
going "fuck. fuck."
That's a bad look.
♪ 'Cause "fuck" is the worst
word that you can say ♪
♪ So just use the word.
"m'kay" ♪
♪ We can do it.
it's all up to us. m'kay ♪
♪ M'kay ♪
♪ With a little plan we can
change our lives today ♪
♪ Change it today ♪
♪ We don't have to spend our
lives shooting up in the trash ♪
♪ Homeless on the streets
giving handjobs for cash ♪
♪ Follow this plan and very soon
you will say ♪
♪ "It's easy. m'kay" ♪
♪ Step one ♪
♪ Instead of "ass." say "buns" ♪
♪ Like "kiss my buns" ♪
♪ Or "you're a buns hole" ♪
♪ Step two ♪
♪ Instead of "shit." say "poo" ♪
♪ As in "bull-poo" ♪
♪ "Poo-head."
and "this poo is cold" ♪
♪ Step three -- with bitch.
drop the "T" ♪
♪ 'Cause "bich" is Latin
for generosity ♪
♪ Step four --
we don't say "fuck" anymore ♪
♪ 'Cause "fuck" is the worst
word that you can say ♪
♪ "Fuck" is the worst word
that you can say ♪
♪ We don't say "fuck" ♪
♪ No. we shouldn't say "fuck."
"fuck" no ♪
You're cured. you can go!
♪ We don't have to spend our
lives shootin' up in the trash ♪
♪ Homeless on the streets
giving handjobs for cash ♪
♪ Follow this plan
and very soon you will say ♪
♪ "It's easy. m'kay" ♪
M'kay.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ So come on down to South Park
and meet some friends of mine ♪
♪ Closer to the heart ♪
[ Cheering ]
♪♪
So I was a freshman
in college in 1989.
and somebody took -- a friend
from the Bay Area took me to
a band playing on
Alferd Packer Day.
about 80 people.
And it's these guys
from the Bay Area.
three guys making such
a fucking racket.
and the weirdest music
I've ever heard.
And I just thought.
"This is fucking great.
I love this band. I gotta listen
to this shit forever."
And they quickly became
my favorite band.
they still are.
Their name's Primus if you
haven't figured it out.
And...
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ Chuckles ]
So a few years later.
me and Trey make it to Hollywood
and we get a TV show pilot.
So we looked up Primus'
management company
in the phone book
and sent them a letter
and sent them a copy of
"The Spirit of Christmas."
And it worked.
And here we are.
I'm standing here
with a felt fish on my head.
So anyway. we got this letter
at the office that said.
"Hey. these guys fresh out
of college
have made this cartoon.
they're big Primus fans.
and they really want you
to do this thing.
They have $74 to spend."
And they said. you know. "Hey.
you want to do this thing?"
And we thought.
"Well. you know..."
And we watched
"The Spirit of Christmas".
we thought.
"That's fucking amazing.
That's unbelievable.
that's incredible.
We're gonna do it."
We didn't do it for the money.
We did it because we thought
it was an amazing thing.
[ Cheering ]
So a few -- about a month later.
we get something in the mail.
and here it is.
This is what we got
from these guys.
First shot.
[ Theme song plays ]
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
So the first thing
we thought was.
"Wow. that's fucking amazing.
we got our own Primus song."
And second thing we thought was.
"That's a minute
and 40 seconds.
That's not an intro theme song.
That's way too fucking long."
Yeah. so what they did is.
they said. you know.
"Comedy Central --"
they passed the buck right on
to their bosses.
They said. "Comedy Central says
it's too slow.
it needs to be
a little zippa-dee-doo.
a little peppier.
Can you guys re-record it?"
And. you know. we're out there
traveling the world.
doing our thing. you know.
making that magic.
And we're like. "You know.
come on. dude. you gave us $74.
we're not going to go back in
and re-record this thing.
How about you just take it
and you just speed it up?"
Yeah. so we sped it up
in Pro Tools.
We crammed it down really fast.
but when you do that
with digital Pro Tools.
the voice kind of breaks.
so we had to go back
and ask Les.
"Please. can you
re-record your voice?"
He was psyched about that.
he was super psyched.
Which we did backstage.
You sent one of your friends.
we recorded backstage
at Fiddler's Green.
That's true.
In Colorado. on tour.
And then it
turned on to this.
Turned into this.
♪♪
♪ I'm going down
to South Park ♪
♪ Gonna have myself a time ♪
♪ Friendly faces everywhere ♪
♪ Humble folks
without temptation ♪
♪ I'm going down to South Park.
gonna leave my woes behind ♪
[ As Cartman ]
♪ Ample parking day or night ♪
♪ People spouting.
"Howdy. neighbor!" ♪
♪ Heading on up to South Park.
gonna see if I can't unwind ♪
[Muffled] ♪ I love girls
with big fat titties ♪
♪ I love girls
with deep vaginas ♪
♪ So come on down to South Park
and meet some friends of mine ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
And then. the kids went
into fourth grade.
And we wanted something
special. so we called Les again
and said. "Could you
send us something else.
send us something new?"
So I said. "Matt.
ain't nothing better than
a little bit of
wham-mola."
♪♪
♪ I'm going down
to South Park ♪
♪ Gonna have myself a time ♪
♪ Friendly
faces everywhere ♪
♪ Humble folks
without temptation ♪
♪ I'm going down to South Park.
gonna leave my woes behind ♪
[ As Cartman ]
♪ Ample parking day or night ♪
♪ People spouting.
"Howdy. neighbor!" ♪
♪ Going down to South Park.
gonna see if I can't unwind ♪
[Muffled] ♪ I love girls
with big fat titties ♪
♪ I love girls
with deep vaginas ♪
♪ So come on down
to South Park ♪
♪ And meet some
friends of mine ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
There you go.
there's all the theme songs.
there's a history of it.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Cheering ]
So you can see. we have
a couple of mics set up here.
That's because one of them
has a pitch shift in it.
You know.
when we do the boys' voices.
we got to pitch them up.
So. we thought of a few
things we could do.
Like this.
♪♪
♪ Who's the boy that can
laugh at a storm cloud? ♪
♪ Turn a frown into
a smile for free? ♪
♪ Who's the kid with
a heart full of magic? ♪
♪ Everyone knows
it's Butters! ♪
[ As Butters ]
Well. that's me!
[ Cheering ]
♪ Who's the boy with
eyes full of wonder? ♪
♪ Who thinks being yourself
is the best thing to be? ♪
♪ Who's that rascal with
the tweezers in his pocket? ♪
♪ Everyone knows
it's Butters! ♪
Well. that's me!
♪ Jumping in puddles.
skipping down the hallway ♪
♪ Petting goats at the petting
zoo. he loves John Alway ♪
It's John Elway.
John Elway!
♪ Who's the tyke with
the cutest little dimples? ♪
♪ Batting his eyes at
every puppy he sees? ♪
♪ If you look inside yourself.
you might be surprised ♪
♪ When you find a little boy
named Butters! ♪
Well. that's me.
[ Cheering ]
♪♪
Hi. everybody.
I'm going to try to sing a song.
We'll see how it goes.
♪ We'll see how it goes ♪
[ Laughs ]
♪♪
♪ Hey. there. have you
heard about my robot friend? ♪
♪ He's metal and small
and doesn't judge me at all ♪
♪ He's a cyberwired bundle
of joy. my robot friend ♪
[ As Awesome-O ]
I am Awesome-O.
Oh. hey. Awesome-O.
what's going on?
Um. Butters. Awesome-O is
getting very hungry.
I need some candy.
You don't eat candy.
You're a robot. Awesome-O.
You don't even eat.
Yeah. but Awesome-O is very
hungry. Butters. so go --
♪ I like to dip and daddle
with my robot friend ♪
♪ He's smart as can be
and emotion-free ♪
♪ And he's computed his way
to my heart ♪
♪ My robot friend ♪
Um. Butters.
Awesome-O has to go now.
I need to clear out my CPU.
Oh. man. but we have
a big trip planned. Awesome-O.
We're going to LA. We're going
to Hollywood. remember?
Oh. hell. no!
Awesome-O is not
going to LA with you. Butters.
♪ We're going out to LA.
me and my robot friend ♪
♪ We're gonna have so much fun
in the hot-hot sun ♪
♪ We're two of a kind. just me
and my robot friend ♪
Awesome-O thinks that
your song sucks. Butters.
Screw you guys.
I'm going home.
Wait. don't go!
♪♪
[ Cheering ]
Hey.
♪ Hey. there ♪
♪ Did you know
I had a robot friend? ♪
♪ We used to dance and play.
but someone took him away ♪
♪ He was my 10 gigahertz
old pal ♪
♪ My robot friend ♪
[ Cheering ]
Butters. Awesome-O
needs you to call him an Uber
'cause my mom's credit card
is not working.
Awesome-O. you're back!
Butters. fuck you --
♪ Hey there. did you know
about my robot friend? ♪
Lame!
♪ He's smart as can be ♪
♪ And emotion-free ♪
Weak!
♪ And he's computed his way
to my heart. my robot friend ♪
Lame!
♪ My robot friend ♪
Weak!
Not cool.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Man: Thank you. Trey!
[ Normal voice ]
Thank you guys. so much.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ Times have changed ♪
♪ Our kids are getting worse! ♪
♪ They won't obey
their parents ♪
♪ They just want to
fart and curse! ♪
♪ Should we blame
the government? ♪
♪ Or blame society? ♪
♪ Or should we blame
the images on TV? ♪
♪ No. blame Canada! ♪
♪ Blame Canada! ♪
♪ With all their
beady little eyes ♪
♪ And flapping heads
so full of lies! ♪
♪ Blame Canada! Blame Canada! ♪
♪ We need to form
a full assault! ♪
♪ It's Canada's fault! ♪
♪ Don't blame me ♪
♪ For my son Stan ♪
♪ He saw the darn cartoon ♪
♪ And now he's off to
join the Klan! ♪
♪ And my boy Eric once ♪
♪ Had my picture on his shelf ♪
♪ And now when I see him
he tells me to fuck myself! ♪
♪ Blame Canada! Blame Canada! ♪
♪ It seems that
everything's gone wrong ♪
♪ Since Canada came along! ♪
♪ Blame Canada! Blame Canada! ♪
♪ They're not even
a real country anyways! ♪
♪ My son could have
been a doctor or a lawyer ♪
♪ Rich and true ♪
♪ Instead he burned up like
a piggy on a barbecue! ♪
♪ Should we blame the matches? ♪
♪ Or should we blame the fire? ♪
♪ Or the doctors who
allowed him to expire? ♪
♪ Heck no! ♪
♪ Blame Canada! Blame Canada! ♪
♪ With all their
hockey hullabaloo ♪
♪ And that slut
Ryan Reynolds. too! ♪
♪ Blame Canada! ♪
♪ Shame on Canada! ♪
♪ For the smut we must stop ♪
♪ The trash we will stash.
the laughter and fun ♪
♪ Must all be undone ♪
♪ We must blame them
and cause a fuss ♪
♪ Before somebody thinks of
blaming us! ♪
♪♪
Thank you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
You guys. there are so many
people to thank here tonight.
Again. the whole
"South Park" crew is here.
Where are you guys?
Oh. there they are.
there's the "South Park" crew.
Animators. technical directors.
all the people
that make it happen.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you. guys.
There's also our
executive producer.
Anne Garefino. who put this
whole thing together.
and then she got COVID.
and she can't be here tonight.
But thank you so much. Anne.
And most of all.
I want to thank my partner.
Matt.
I want to say
happy anniversary. man.
I love you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Alright.
And we put a little surprise
together for Matt.
He has no idea that this is
going to happen.
and neither do you.
Roll the tape.
[ Laughing ]
Blame Canada. blame Canada.
Blah. blah. blah.
How come we get the blame
for everything. eh?
Geddy. I just received
a telegram
from Terrance and Phil
aboot the "South Park"
25th Birthday Farty.
[ Chuckles ]
Hey. Alex. what can we do for
our pals Matt and Trey?
Send them some free
Rush beer?
Or even worse. we could
show up and jam with them. eh?
[ Laughing ]
[ Cheering ]
[ Cheering continues ]
♪♪
What do you think.
Stone-ey-ham?
[ Cheering ]
Well. here you go. brother.
[ "Closer to the Heart" plays ]
♪♪
♪ And the men who hold
high places ♪
♪ Must be the ones who start ♪
♪ To mold a new reality ♪
♪ Closer to the heart ♪
♪ The blacksmith
and the artist ♪
♪ Reflect it in their art ♪
♪ They forge their creativity ♪
♪ Closer to the heart ♪
♪ Yes. closer to the heart ♪
♪♪
♪ Philosophers and ploughmen ♪
♪ Each must know his part ♪
♪ To sow a new mentality ♪
♪ Closer to the heart ♪
♪ Closer to the heart.
oh. yeah ♪
♪♪
♪ Ooohhh ♪
♪ You can be the captain ♪
♪ And I will draw the chart ♪
♪ Sailing into destiny ♪
♪ Closer to the heart ♪
♪ Oh. closer to the heart ♪
♪ I said closer to the heart ♪
♪ Closer to the heart ♪
♪♪
This is one of the most amazing
moments of my life.
[ Cheering ]
Matt Stone-ey-ham.
is this one of
the most amazing moments
of your life?
Look who is standing
in front of you.
It's Geddy and Alex!
♪♪
♪ Oh. closer to the heart ♪
♪ Closer to the heart ♪
Come on now.
South Park!
♪ Closer to South Park ♪
♪ Closer to the heart ♪
Come on!
♪ Yeah. closer to the heart ♪
♪ Closer to the heart ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪♪
[ Song ends ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you. eh.
[ Cheers and applause continue ]
♪ When I say I have crabs.
I mean literally ♪
♪♪
You know there's nothing like
a cold Colorado morning.
[ Cheering ]
When you're waking
the kids up for school.
you go outside. and you got to
brush the snow off your truck.
You go back in. and you got to
give your kids something to eat.
Get 'em ready for the day.
Well. that's when you start
thinking you might want
to smoke a little weed.
[ Cheering ]
♪♪
We just hope that
if you do smoke weed.
that you play it safe
and choose Tegridy.
[ Cheering ]
'Cause just like that
cold Colorado morning.
Tegridy's got that real
Colorado flavor.
♪ 'Cause this ol' world
is getting to me ♪
♪ It seems like people
have got no inte... ♪
Audience: ♪ Tegridy ♪
Trey:
Let's try that shit again.
Let's try that again.
♪ This ol' world
is getting to me ♪
♪ 'Cause it seems
like people got no ♪
Audience: ♪ Tegridy ♪
Trey: Oh. shit. you're right.
♪ So I loaded up the kids.
took my wife by the arm ♪
♪ And I moved on out to
a Colorado farm ♪
♪♪
♪ Now it's early to bed.
early to rise ♪
♪ The crops are plowed.
and it's no surprise ♪
♪ City folks are fightin'.
and I don't give a darn ♪
♪ Darn. darn ♪
♪ 'Cause I make my livin' on
a Colorado farm ♪
♪♪
♪ I gotta drive the tractor.
gotta cut the grass ♪
♪ Chut-chut goes the baler
like it's never gonna last ♪
♪ There's food in the kitchen.
there's bud in the barn ♪
♪ Barn. barn ♪
♪ That's what you get
on a Colorado farm ♪
Alright. let's go!
♪♪
♪ Well. it going great.
it was going good ♪
♪ The weed was growing
like good weed should ♪
♪ Then Joe Biden took my job ♪
Took our job!
♪ Joe Biden took our job ♪
He took our job!
♪♪
♪ Well. they took our job.
they took our job ♪
Took our job!
♪ They took our job ♪
♪ Joe Biden took our job ♪
Took our job!
♪ Joe Biden
took our jobs ♪
Took our jobs.
Joe Biden took
our jobs.
-I want to know.
-Hold the G. hold the G.
Did they take your job?
[ Audience shouts ]
They took my --
Mickey. did they take your job?
Took my job!
They took his damn job!
Did they take you job?
What about -- we got a nice
little lady over here.
Oh.
Can you come up here.
ma'am?
Come up here. little girl.
Someone brought a kid
to the concert.
That was a good idea.
Come here. honey.
Young lady. did Joe Biden
take your job?
I don't know.
What's your name.
little girl?
Harper.
Joe Biden took your
damn job. didn't he?
Yes. sir.
Now. I want you to
turn to this crowd
and say with meaning
that Joe Biden took your job.
Ready?
Joe Biden took
my derr.
Yeah! Joe Biden took --
he took her job!
He took my job!
Took her damn job!
That son of bitch.
♪ Well ♪
♪ Ice-cold beer. pickup trucks ♪
♪ Country music. listin' shit ♪
♪ We got tegridy
to keep us warm ♪
♪ Warm. warm ♪
♪ That's what you get on
a Colorado farm ♪
♪♪
♪ And I'm just living on
a Colorado farm ♪
♪ Shit ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
Joe Biden.
It is quite possibly
the funniest joke
ever conceived.
and its origin is unknown.
The fishsticks joke crosses
all borders. all races.
all ages and ethnic groups. and
is slowly uniting our country.
In fact. the only person who
appears to not get the joke is
rapper Kanye West.
who becomes furious when people
use the joke on him.
Snyder: You ready
don't get it?
Hey. man. I'm a genius.
alright?!
If I was a homosexual
or a fish. I would know!
Now let's see.
Somethin' about fishsticks
interacting with me
makes me a gay fish.
Kanye. really.
Alright. now what do we know
about fishsticks?
They're breaded. they're fried.
they're frozen.
Then under me.
we have rapper. genius.
And gay fish are homosexual.
They swim.
Is it because breaded
has something to do with genius.
which swims?
No. because you said you
like fish sticks. Kanye!
Don't -- Don't you get it?
You see. "fish-dicks"
is a -- is a play on words.
I don't need anyone tellin' me
"play on words"!
I'm a motherfuckin' lyrical
wordsmith motherfuckin' genius!
Boys. I understand what
you did now.
Untie them. guys.
I know what I have to do.
Yo. Kanye.
you sure about this?
It's time for me
to stop runnin'.
I need to believe
what people tell me.
Let all my fans know I love 'em.
but a gay fish just can't
live in the outside
world forever.
Don't be sad for me. guys!
♪♪
Unh. come on.
[ Autotuned ]
♪ I've been so lonely. girl ♪
♪ I've been so sad and down ♪
♪ Couldn't understand
why haters joked around ♪
♪ I wanted to be free
with other creatures like me ♪
♪ And now I got my wish ♪
♪ 'Cause I know that
I'm a gay fish ♪
♪ Gay fish ♪
♪ Gay fish. yo ♪
♪ Motherfuckin' gay fish ♪
♪ He's a gay fish ♪
♪ I'm a fish. yo ♪
♪ Going on a gay fish ♪
It's all right. girl.
♪ Makin' love to other
gay fish ♪
♪ All those lonely nights
at the grocery store ♪
♪ In the frozen fish aisle
feelin' like a whore ♪
♪ 'Cause I wasn't being true
even though everyone said ♪
-♪ I had to make a switch ♪
-♪ Gay fish ♪
♪ 'Cause I know that
I'm a gay fish. gay fish ♪
♪ Gay fish. yo ♪
♪ Motherfuckin' gay fish ♪
-♪ He's a gay fish ♪
-I'm a fish. yo ♪
♪ Baby. I'm a gay fish ♪
It's all right. girl.
♪ I used to be scared.
denying who I was ♪
♪ Acting straight but going out
to gay fish clubs ♪
♪ Dancing with the marlins ♪
♪ Making out with
the all the snappers ♪
♪ I'd take the salmon home ♪
♪ And work that caudal fin
for hours ♪
♪ But now I'm out and I'm free
to love what I want ♪
♪ Be it yellowfin or trout
or them trout in Vermont ♪
♪ Slap that sea bass ass.
I make the grouper butt shake ♪
♪ I'll come to your house
and have an orgy ♪
♪ In your fish tank. bitch ♪
♪ Motherfuckin' gay fish ♪
♪ Baby. I'm a gay fish ♪
♪♪
♪ I really get around.
I'm the slut of the sea ♪
♪ When I say I have crabs.
I mean literally ♪
♪ I was out having dinner
and had to go down ♪
♪ On that mackerel
on the dish ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm the gayest
of the gay fish ♪
♪ Gay fish ♪
Gay fish. yo.
♪ Motherfuckin' gay fish ♪
I'm a fish. yo.
♪ He's a gay fish ♪
♪ Baby. I'm a gay fish ♪
It's all right. girl.
♪ Unh ♪
♪ But I gotta settle down.
I can't be a whore ♪
♪ I can't just sleep
with any fish no more ♪
♪ I've got me a lover.
a brother ♪
♪ Who's a cross-dressing
pike named Trish ♪
♪ And together we are
gay fish ♪
♪ Gay fish ♪
Gay fish. yo.
♪ Motherfuckin'
gay fish ♪
♪ I'm a fish. yo ♪
♪ Gay fish ♪
♪ Baby. I'm a gay fish ♪
It's all right. girl.
♪ And I'm making love. ooh ♪
♪ To other gay
motherfuckin' fish ♪
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
Now we're gonna have a little
more Ween for us.
♪♪
♪ Hey. little boy.
whatcha got there? ♪
♪ Kind sir. it's
a mollusk I've found ♪
♪ Did you find it
in the sandy ground? ♪
♪ Does it emulate
the ocean's sound? ♪
♪ Yes. I found it
on the ground ♪
♪ Emulating the ocean's sound ♪
♪ Bring forth the mollusk
cast unto me ♪
♪ Let's be forever.
let forever be free ♪
♪♪
♪ Hey. little boy.
come walk with me ♪
♪ And bring your new found
mollusk along ♪
♪ Does it speaketh
of the trinity? ♪
♪ Can it gaze at the sun
with its wandering eye? ♪
♪ Yes. it speaks of
the trinity ♪
♪ Casting light at the sun
with its wandering eye ♪
♪ Bring forth the mollusk.
cast unto me ♪
♪ Let's be forever.
let forever be free ♪
♪♪
Alright. Red Rocks.
♪ Yes. yes ♪
♪ No. no ♪
♪ No ♪
You see there are three things
that spur the mollusk
from the sand.
The waking of all creatures
that live on the land.
And with just one faint glance.
back into the sea.
the mollusk. it lingers.
with its wandering eye.
Yeah!
♪♪
[ Finale plays ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ Song ends ]
♪ Do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
♪ Say. baby? ♪
♪ Let's fighting love ♪
Les: So. many years ago.
we did a song
and a fellow by the name
of Tom Waits
did one of the characters
in the song.
and tonight we're going to try
and eclipse that performance
with a little special guest.
♪♪
Stop.
[ As Butters ] Well. I remember
it as if it were a meal ago...
Said Butters the Cat
as he reeled back
to clear whatever
foreign matter may have
nestled its way into
his mighty throat.
Many a fat alley rat
had met its demise
while staring point blank down
the cavernous barrel of this
awesome prowling machine.
Truly a wonder of nature.
this urban predator.
Butters the Cat had
many a story to tell.
but it was a rare occasion
such as this
that he did...
♪♪
She came slidin' down
the alleyway
like me drippin' off
a hot biscuit.
The aroma. the mean scent
was enough to arouse suspicion
in even the oldest of tigers
that hung around the hot spot
in those days.
The sight was
beyond belief.
Many a head snapped for double.
even triple takes
as this vivacious feline
made her way
down into the delta
of the alleyway.
where the most virile
of the young tabbies
were known to hang out.
They hung out in droves.
Such a multitude
of masculinity
could only be
found in one place.
And that was
O'Malley's alley.
♪♪
But not even a muscle
in her neck did twitch
as she sauntered straight into
the heart of the alleyway.
♪♪
She knew what she wanted...
She was lookin' for
that stud bull.
She was looking for
that he cat.
And that was me.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Butters the Cat is my name
and I say unto thee...
♪♪
♪ Say. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
lay down by my side? ♪
♪ Ah. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
♪ Say. baby? Say. baby? ♪
♪♪
♪ Say. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
lay down by my side? ♪
♪ Ah. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
♪ Say. baby? Say. baby? ♪
♪ Say. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
lay down by my side? ♪
♪ Ah. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
♪ Say. baby-by-by-by ♪
♪ Say. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
lay down by my side? ♪
♪ Ah. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
♪ Say. baby? Say. baby? ♪
♪♪
♪ Say. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
lay down by my side? ♪
♪ Ah. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
♪ Say. baby? ♪
♪ Say. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
lay down by my side? ♪
♪ Ah. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
♪ Say. baby? ♪
♪ Say. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
lay down by my side? ♪
♪ Ah. baby. do you wanna
lay down with me? ♪
♪ Say. baby? Say. baby? ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
Kyle: Well. let's see
how he likes the icy blast
of my nunchucks
of Kuramoto.
Ugh! Oof!
Mrph rmhmhm rm!
♪♪
Aaaaaah!
Aaaah!
[ Crying ]
Cartman:
Oh. shit. dude.
Butters. oh. my God!
So. how would you ninjas
like to do battle?
Uh. not not. Craig.
We -- We have to be going.
I am not Craig.
I am Ginza!
♪♪
What -- What's the matter.
fellas?
Are you ninjas
or p-p-pussies?
Hyah!
I swore
to never fight again.
We don't have a choice. Kyle.
Just humor them.
♪♪
♪ Subarashii. chin chin mono ♪
♪ Kintama no kami aru ♪
♪ Sore no oto. sarubobo? ♪
♪ Iie! Ninja ga. imasu ♪
♪ Hey. hey. let's go!
Kenka suru ♪
♪ Taisetsu na mono.
protect my balls ♪
♪ Boku ga warui.
so let's fighting ♪
♪ Let's fighting love ♪
♪♪
♪ Kono uta. chotto. baka ♪
♪ Wake ga wakaranai ♪
♪ Eigo ga. mecha. kucha ♪
♪ Daijobu.
we do it all the time ♪
♪ Hey. hey. let's go!
Kenka suru ♪
♪ Taisetsu na mono.
protect my balls ♪
♪ Boku ga warui.
so let's fighting ♪
♪ Let's fighting love ♪
Bruce Howell!
♪♪
♪ Hey. hey. let's go!
Kenka suru ♪
♪ Taisetsu na mono.
protect my balls ♪
♪ Boku ga warui.
so let's fighting ♪
♪ Let's fighting love ♪
♪♪
♪ Keen tama wa budda budda ♪
♪ Hey. hey. let's go!
Kenka suru ♪
♪ Taisetsu na mono ♪
♪ Protect my balls ♪
♪ Boku ga warui.
so let's fighting ♪
♪ Let's fighting love ♪
♪ Let's fighting ♪
♪ Someone fighting ♪
♪ Let's fighting love ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
So when Matt and I were
at the University of Colorado
in Boulder.
we were like 20 years old
and with a bunch of friends
in college.
we made a musical called
"Alferd Packer: The Musical."
[ Cheers and applause ]
And I know there's some people
here tonight --
I know Jason's here.
I know Dian's here.
I don't know if Ian and Alex
are here.
I don't know if
Jon Hegel's here.
But we thought we'd do one song
from that tonight.
And even if you haven't seen it.
as a Coloradoan.
I think you can appreciate it
'cause it's about
when you lose your horse.
♪♪
♪ She'll never know ♪
♪ What she meant to me ♪
♪ Whenever I was with her ♪
♪ I was always as gentle
as I could be ♪
♪♪
♪ And now I don't know why ♪
♪ But she's gone away ♪
♪♪
♪ And I'll just have to stand
on my own two legs ♪
♪ Your eyes. your smile ♪
♪ Made my little life
worthwhile ♪
♪ There's was nothing
I couldn't do ♪
♪♪
♪ When I was on top of you ♪
♪ I'd pull her hair ♪
♪ And she'd know to stop ♪
♪ When she'd look behind her ♪
♪ I'd always be there ♪
♪ And now I don't know why ♪
♪ But she. she's gone ♪
♪ And all I can do ♪
♪ Is try to carry on ♪
♪ Your eyes. your smile ♪
♪ Made my little life
worthwhile ♪
♪ The sky was a lot more blue ♪
♪ When I was on top of you ♪
♪♪
Thank you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ A child without an eye ♪
♪ Made her mother cry ♪
♪ Why ask why? ♪
♪ She kept her child clean ♪
♪♪
♪ On Buckingham Green ♪
♪ The children saw the eye ♪
♪♪
♪ As a sign from God ♪
♪ Descending from the sky ♪
♪ It was alright to dream ♪
♪♪
♪ Of Buckingham Green ♪
♪ Summon the queen ♪
♪♪
♪ Spoke the child of eye ♪
♪ It's time to fly ♪
♪ Turning fire to steam ♪
♪♪
♪ On Buckingham Green ♪
♪ A child without an eye ♪
♪♪
♪ Made her mother cry ♪
♪ Why ask why? ♪
♪ She kept her child clean ♪
♪♪
♪ On Buckingham Green ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ Lemmiwinks. Lemmiwinks ♪
Jesus. Jesus Christ!
[ As Cartman ] How about we sing
"Kyle's Mom's a Bitch"
in B flat minor?
[ School bell ringing ]
Okay. children.
let's take our seats.
Uh. apparently. none of you
tried to get me fired yesterday.
so I guess we're just gonna have
to go on and learn more today.
Now who can tells me what
happens to water
when we heat it up
in the Bunsen burner?
-It evaporates.
-Good. Butters.
Now if we take the glass tube of
the Bunsen burner.
we can also see how
other things react.
Evaporation is
an exothermic reaction.
so let's look at
an endothermic one.
Mr. Slave. position 7 please.
Now I'm gonna put the glass tube
into Mr. Slave's tight ass.
The heat from Mr. Slave's ass...
Ahhhhh!
will act as our new
conductor of energy.
Oh. God.
[ Groans ]
Okay. now. Butters.
could you bring over Lemmiwinks
for me. please?
Sure!
[ Squeaking ]
Oh. no.
No. no. no. no. no.
Thank you. Butters.
Now what do you think is gonna
happen when I introduce
the element of the gerbil
to the endothermic heat of
Mr. Slave's ass?
Well. let's see.
[ Groans ]
[ Squeaking ]
[ Groans ] Jesus!
Jesus Christ!
[ Squeaking ]
♪♪
Lemmiwinks. you must
find your way out of this place.
or you will surely die.
Who am I? Just a friend.
Heed my words. Lemmiwinks.
Your time is running out.
Make for the large intestine.
All will be made clear there.
♪ A great adventure is
waiting for you ahead ♪
♪ Hurry onward. Lemmiwinks.
for you will soon be dead ♪
♪ The journey before you may
be long and filled with woe ♪
♪ But you must escape
the gay man's ass ♪
♪ So your tale can be told ♪
♪ Lemmiwinks ♪
♪ Lemmiwinks. Lemmiwinks ♪
Ladies and gentlemen.
the voice of Mr. Slave.
Mr. John Hansen.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ Lemmiwinks' journey is
distant. far and vast ♪
♪ To find his way out of
a gay man's ass ♪
♪ The road ahead is filled
with danger and fright ♪
♪ But push onward. Lemmiwinks.
with all of your might ♪
♪ Lemmiwinks. Lemmiwinks.
Lemmiwinks ♪
♪ Lemmiwinks ♪
♪ Lemmiwinks. Lemmiwinks ♪
Lemmiwinks. you are
coming to the entrance
of the small intestines.
There. you shall meet
the Sparrow Prince.
All shall be made clear
to you there.
[ Groans ]
Jesus Christ!
[ Cheering ]
♪ The Sparrow Prince lies
somewhere way up ahead ♪
♪ Don't look back. Lemmiwinks.
or you'll soon be dead ♪
♪ Lemmiwinks. Lemmiwinks.
the time is growing late ♪
♪ Slow down now.
and seal your fate ♪
♪ Lemmiwinks ♪
♪ Lemmiwinks. Lemmiwinks ♪
I am the Sparrow Prince.
Long has my spirit been
trapped in this place.
Before you lies the maze
of the small intestine.
One path leads to the stomach.
the other. to certain doom.
Take with you
this helmet and torch.
Let them be your guide.
Ooh. ooh.
Jesus! Jesus! Jesus!
Christ.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ Take the magic helmet-torch
to help you light the way ♪
♪ There's still a lot of ground
to cross inside the man so gay ♪
♪ Ahead of you lies adventure ♪
♪ And your strength
still lies within ♪
♪ Freedom from the gay man's ass
is the treasure you will win ♪
♪ Lemmiwinks ♪
♪ Lemmiwinks. Lemmiwinks ♪
♪ Lemmiwinks came to
the stomach dark ♪
♪ 'neath the depths of
the lungs and heart ♪
You choose your path
wisely. Lemmiwinks.
I am Catatafish.
♪ Catatafish of
the stomach's cove ♪
I will let you pass.
Lemmiwinks.
but only if you answer
my riddle.
♪♪
♪ Catatafish's riddle
will soon be told ♪
Ooh-ooh. ah! Ah. ah. ah!
Ah. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus.
Jesus Christ!
[ Laughter ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ Cheers and applause continue ]
Please. just one more.
Please.
Jesus Christ!
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ Lemmiwinks has made it out.
his journey is nearly through ♪
♪♪
[ As Frog ]
Great job. Lemmiwinks.
[ As Sparrow ]
Thanks to you we are all free!
[ As Catatafish ] But your
adventures are just beginning.
For you are no ordinary gerbil.
Lemmiwinks.
you are now
the gerbil king!
♪♪
All hail the gerbil king!
All hail
the gerbil king!
♪ Now that you're
the gerbil king ♪
♪ There's more adventures
to go on ♪
♪ Fly away to faraway lands ♪
♪ And to the setting sun ♪
♪ There are still
so many enemies ♪
♪ And battles yet to fight ♪
♪ For Lemmiwinks
the gerbil king ♪
♪ To be told another night ♪
♪ Lemmiwinks ♪
♪ Lemmiwinks. Lemmiwinks ♪
♪ Gerbil king ♪
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ As Cartman ] Okay. what should
we sing now? Hmm.
Let's see.
We sang songs
about my balls.
about jacking off.
What other song
could we possibly sing?
Hmm.
I know!
How about we sing
"Kyle's Mom's a Bitch"
in B flat minor?
[ As Kyle ] Cartman.
stop calling my mom a bitch.
♪♪
♪ Well ♪
Don't you do it.
Don't say it.
♪♪
♪ Well ♪
I'm warning you.
Okay. okay.
I'm so sick of him
calling my mom a bitch.
♪ Well ♪
♪ Kyle's mom is a bitch.
she's a big fat bitch ♪
♪ She's the biggest bitch
in the whole wide world ♪
♪ She's a mean ol' bitch
if there ever was a bitch ♪
♪ She's a bitch to
all the boys and girls ♪
♪♪
♪ On Monday she's a bitch.
on Tuesday she's a bitch ♪
♪ And Wednesday through Saturday
she's a bitch ♪
♪ Then on Sunday.
just to be different ♪
♪ She's a super King Kamehameha
bi-atch ♪
♪ Have you ever met
my friend Kyle's mom? ♪
♪ She's the biggest bitch
in the whole wide world ♪
♪ She's a mean ol' bitch
and she has stupid hair ♪
♪ She's a bitch. bitch. bitch.
bitch. bitch. bitch. bitch ♪
♪ Bitch. bitch. bitch. bitch.
bitch. bitch. bitch. bitch.
she's a stupid bitch! ♪
♪ Kyle's mom's a bitch
and she's just a dirty bitch ♪
♪ Talk to kids
around the world ♪
♪ And it might go a little bit
somethin' like this ♪
[ Singing Chinese gibberish ]
[ Singing French gibberish ]
[ Singing Dutch gibberish ]
[ Singing African language
gibberish ]
♪ Kyle's mom is a bitch ♪
♪ Have you ever met
my friend Kyle's mom? ♪
♪ She's the biggest bitch
in the whole wide world ♪
♪ She's a mean ol' bitch.
and she has stupid hair ♪
♪ She's a bitch. bitch. bitch.
bitch. bitch. bitch. bitch ♪
♪ Bitch. bitch. bitch. bitch.
bitch. bitch. bitch. bitch.
she's a stupid bitch ♪
♪ Kyle's mom's a bitch
and she's just a dirty bitch ♪
♪ I really mean it ♪
♪ Kyle's mom ♪
♪ She's a big fat
fucking bitch ♪
♪ Big ol' fat fucking bitch.
Kyle's mom! ♪
♪ Kyle's mom ♪
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ How 'bout some feces
with your flounder? ♪
♪ America ♪
♪ Fuck yeah ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ All shouting indistinctly ]
Wait.
Wait just a second.
Now. we've got to think here.
Now. let's see.
What would Brian Boitano do?
Yeah. what would
Brian Boitano do?
♪♪
Brian! Skate!
♪ What would Brian Boitano do ♪
♪ If he was here right now? ♪
♪ He'd make a plan.
and he'd follow through ♪
♪ That's what
Brian Boitano'd do ♪
♪♪
Brian! Skate!
♪ When Brian Boitano
was in the Olympics ♪
♪ Skating for the gold ♪
♪ He did two Salchows
and a triple Lutz ♪
♪ Wearing a blindfold ♪
♪ When Brian Boitano
was in the Alps ♪
♪ Fighting grizzly bears ♪
♪ He used his magical
fire breath ♪
♪ To save the maidens fair ♪
♪♪
Brian! Skate!
♪ So what would
Brian Boitano do ♪
♪ If he was here today? ♪
♪ I'm sure he'd kick an ass
or two ♪
♪ That's what
Brian Boitano'd do ♪
♪♪
Brian! Skate!
♪ When Brian Boitano
traveled through time ♪
♪ To the year 3010 ♪
♪ He fought
the evil robot king ♪
♪ And saved us all again ♪
♪ When Brian Boitano
built the pyramids ♪
♪ He beat up Kublai Khan ♪
♪ 'Cause Brian Boitano doesn't
take shit from anybody ♪
No. Brian!
Those chicken wings
are really spicy!
Do not eat those!
♪♪
♪ I've never seen a man
eat so many chicken wings ♪
♪♪
Brian! Skate!
♪ Brian Boitano was born ♪
♪ On the planet of Kryluck ♪
♪ He came to Earth
to save us all ♪
♪ From war and death and suck ♪
♪ Hi-de-lo-dee-hi-dee-lay ♪
♪ Brian Boitano's here ♪
♪ So round up all your lasses ♪
♪ And tell them
to have no fear! ♪
♪ Say. come over here.
my honey ♪
♪ And you're gonna
take off my pants ♪
♪ And I'm gonna
make dirty love to you ♪
♪ 'Cause that's what
Brian Boitano'd do! ♪
♪♪
♪ 'Cause that's what
Brian Boitano'd do! ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ Munching ]
[ Man singing in Spanish ]
Okay. here you go.
amigo.
Another taco plate
and the taquitos.
Oh. thank you.
And did I mention I am
a food critic for Yelp?
Yes. you mentioned that
several times.
Okay. I just didn't want you
caught off guard.
I was thinking of
giving this place five stars.
Really?
Yeah. but I'm kind of teetering
on five stars or one star.
Oh no. no. No one star. please.
What can we do to --
I mean. I could
probably be persuaded
with some free desserts.
Let me get that
for you.
Great. And could you turn down
the music a bit?
This pagan shit
hurts my ears.
Of course.
[ Crunches ]
Hi. two of us
for lunch. please.
Yes. right away.
Oh. and I just wanted
to mention that
my wife and I
are Yelp reviewers.
so. uh. your
best table. please.
Oh. geez.
you guys. too. huh?
Okay. I'll get you set up
right over here. okay?
Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
This place seems nice.
I guess we'll see.
won't we?
Oh. God. Now everyone thinks
they're a food critic.
♪♪
Do we have any Yelp reviewers
in the audience?
[ Cheers and applause ]
'Cause you know that they do
to your food. right?
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ So you're one of Yelper's
special blessed ♪
♪ You demand a restaurant's
very best ♪
♪ Well. they're gonna
treat you special ♪
♪ I'm telling you. chum ♪
♪ Now get yourself ready
for some boogers and cum ♪
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪♪
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ That's called
the Yelper special ♪
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ Hey. what's that
on your pretzel? ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Your online critiques
are real useful to some ♪
♪ Now have a good time
eating boogers and cum ♪
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ Someone farted on your salad ♪
♪ But all your critiques
are valid ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ You think you're special
like you're A-number one ♪
♪ Well. there's a whole lot of
special in boogers and cum ♪
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ How 'bout some feces
with your flounder? ♪
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ You like that queefy
quarter pounder? ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ What's that spice that's
all tangy on your tongue? ♪
♪ That's yuzu pepper ♪
♪ And boogers and cum ♪
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ Hey ♪
Look. we got a Yelp reviewer
right here.
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
Come on out here. guy.
♪ They're gonna jack off
in your food ♪
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪♪
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ They're gonna
wipe their ass ♪
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ And put it in your food ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Along with a whole lot of
boogers and cum ♪
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ Hey. being a
food critic's easy ♪
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ Oh. you feel
a little queasy? ♪
♪ Do you need a diagnosis? ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ 'Cause the doctor's got one ♪
♪ Your stomach's all filled
with boogers and cum ♪
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
♪ Piss in your potatoes ♪
♪ Some guy's shit
on your tomato ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Alright. fancy food critic.
looks like you've won ♪
♪ Now please enjoy all
the booo-hooo-gerrrs ♪
[ Crowd cheers ]
♪ Booo-hooo-gerrrs ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ Aaand cuuum ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Enjoy your boogers and cum ♪
You guys. thank you so much.
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
This has been so much fun.
We've had such a good time.
♪ Boogers and cum ♪
We want to give
a big. big thank you...
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
...to our lady singers.
Thank you. ladies!
[ Cheers and applause ]
And. you guys. a huge. huge
thank you to Ween.
Thank you so much
for being here. you guys.
Glenn McClelland on keys
back there.
Claude Coleman on drums.
Dave Dreiwitz on bass.
Bruce Howell on guitar.
[ Speaks indistinctly ]
filling in for me.
Bekon on synth and keys
back there. Bekon.
And a very big thank you to
Primus for being here tonight.
Tim Alexander on drums.
Kind of cool.
Larry LaLonde.
and of course Les Claypool.
[ Cheers and applause ]
-Thank you!
We love you.
Thank you.
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ America ♪
♪ Fuck yeah ♪
♪ So lick my butt
and suck on my balls ♪
[ Cheering ]
[ Cheering continues ]
Oh. geez.
we have nothing else prepared.
[ Chuckles ]
We did forget to
sing the National Anthem.
We hope maybe you can
help us sing this.
♪♪
♪ America ♪
♪ America. fuck yeah! ♪
♪ Coming again to save
the motherfucking day. yeah ♪
♪ America. fuck yeah! ♪
♪ Freedom is
the only way. yeah ♪
♪ Terrorists.
your game is through ♪
♪ 'Cause now you have to answer
to America ♪
♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
♪ So lick my butt
and suck on my balls ♪
♪ America ♪
♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
♪ Whatcha gonna do when
they come for you now? ♪
♪ It's the dream
that we all share ♪
♪ It's the hope for tomorrow ♪
♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ Ahhh ♪
-♪ McDonald's ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
-♪ Walmart ♪
-♪ Turkey ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
-♪ Baseball ♪
-♪ NFL ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
-♪ Rock and roll ♪
-♪ Slurpees ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
That's right.
♪♪
Ladies and gentlemen.
Bruce Howell is not only
an amazing guitarist.
he also does all the sound
design on "South Park."
Let's go. Bruce.
♪♪
Let's here it for Dean Ween.
Dean!
♪♪
Alright. Great American hero
Larry LaLonde.
♪♪
And last but not least.
Mr. Les Claypool.
♪♪
♪ And on the boats
and on the planes ♪
♪ They're coming to America ♪
Gene Ween!
♪ Every time that
flag's unfurled ♪
♪ They're coming to America ♪
Fuck yeah!
-♪ My country tis of thee ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
-♪ Sweet land of liberty ♪
-♪ Of thee I sing ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
♪♪
♪ Terrorists.
your game is through ♪
♪ 'Cause now you have to
answer to America ♪
♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
♪♪
♪ America ♪
♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
♪♪
Thank you. America!
You know that "South Park" can
only happen in America right?
Fuck yeah!
[ Cheering ]
♪ Ahhhh ♪
-♪ Starbucks ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
-♪ Disney World ♪
-♪ Porno ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah ♪
-♪ Reeboks ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
-♪ Big tits ♪
-♪ Sushi ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
-♪ Taco Bell ♪
-♪ Chicken nuggets ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
Fuck yeah. chicken nuggets.
♪♪
Thank you. Colorado!
Thanks to everyone for coming.
Especially for all of you in...
-♪ Lakewood ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
-♪ Littleton ♪
-♪ Aurora ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
-♪ Evergreen ♪
-♪ Conifer ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
-♪ Fort Collins ♪
-♪ Boulder ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
-♪ Estes Park ♪
-♪ Steamboat Springs ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
-♪ Aspen ♪
-♪ Cherry Creek ♪
-♪ Fuck yeah! ♪
♪ Colorado fucking Springs ♪
♪♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you!
[ Cheering ]
Thanks so much.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ I'm going down to South Park.
gonna have myself a time ♪
♪ Friendly faces everywhere ♪
♪ Humble folks without
temptation ♪
♪ I'm going down to South Park.
gonna leave my woes behind ♪
[ As Cartman ]
♪ Ample parking day or night ♪
♪ People spouting.
"Howdy. neighbor!" ♪
♪ Going down to South Park.
gonna see if I can't unwind ♪
[Muffled] ♪ I love girls
with big fat titties ♪
♪ I love girls
with deep vaginas ♪
♪ So come on down to South Park
and meet some friends of mine ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
♪ MTV ♪